Shipping Policy

Ain’t no mountain high enough, to keep us from getting to you!
But, if you still got doubts, read on to know more.

1. When and where do you usually deliver?

We work on all days of the week. We do delivery, installation and pick-up. In case you do not have lift or permission to use lift at your premises, additional labor charges will be charged to carry the products through stairs. We are currently active in Bangalore, Mumbai, Pune, Delhi, Noida, Gurgaon, Hyderabad, Chennai, Ahmedabad, Mysore, Jaipur, Faridabad, Ghaziabad, Gandhinagar, Chandigarh, Lucknow, Kolkata, Indore, Kochi, Hosur, Pondicherry & Visakhapatnam. Please note: Installation for AC will incur additional charges, which will be communicated to you before placing the order.

2. Do you help us with relocation?

We help you with relocation free of cost within the city for our rented items only. If you are relocating to another city and we are present there, you can rent similar products in the other city. The relocation service may be availed only once throughout the tenure of the contract. We suggest customers to not relocate the product themselves. If any damages occur while a customer attempts to relocate the products themselves, damage cost would be recovered from the customer.

3. What if I am not at home at the time of delivery?

In case of the customers unavailability, please let us know who will be receiving the products.We would need an acknowledgement email from the customer with the nominees government id proof. We do this to ensure that your order is in safe hands.

4. What if my building does not have a lift?

In case you do not have a lift or permission to use the lift at your premises, extra labor charges will be applicable to carry the products via stairs; amount will depend on the order size and floor level.

5. What if my society does not allow vehicles inside?

Please note that you should ensure the entry of delivery vehicle inside the premises. Most of the times, it is not allowed to park the delivery vehicles on road. Please also ensure that you have completed the required documents and payment work mandatory with the landlord, we have observed that sometimes customers do not have permission to shift into the new house.

7. Who deals with labor (hamaali) union and transport union issues?

RentoMojo deals with transport union at loading and unloading area. However, if there is labor (hamaali) union issues at your location and they do not allow us to unload at your place, you have to deal with them. In worst cases, we will take the items back without delivering and we will bear the logistics cost. Chances of labor union issues are very less.